[Docs]: Add advanced_guides/evaluation.md (#456)
open-mmlab/mmselfsup: docs/en/advanced_guides/evaluation.md

# Evaluation

<!-- TOC -->

- [Evaluation](#evaluation)
  - [Evaluation in MMEngine](#evaluation-in-mmengine)
    - [Online evaluation](#online-evaluation)
    - [Offline evaluation](#offline-evaluation)
  - [Evaluation In MMSelfSup](#evaluation-in-mmselfsup)
  - [Customize Evaluation](#customize-evaluation)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Evaluation in MMEngine

> During model validation and testing, quantitative evaluation is often required. `Metric` and `Evaluator` have been implemented in MMEngine to perform this function. See [MMEngine Doc](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/design/metric_and_evaluator.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During model validation and testing, quantitative evaluation is often required. `Metric` and `Evaluator` have been implemented in MMEngine to perform this function. See [MMEngine Doc](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/design/evaluation.html).
```

    def run_iter(self, idx, data_batch: Sequence[dict]):
        ...
        self.runner.call_hook(
            'before_val_iter', batch_idx=idx, data_batch=data_batch)
        # outputs should be sequence of BaseDataElement
        with autocast(enabled=self.fp16):
            outputs = self.runner.model.val_step(data_batch)
        self.evaluator.process(data_samples=outputs, data_batch=data_batch)
        self.runner.call_hook(
            'after_val_iter',
            batch_idx=idx,
            data_batch=data_batch,
            outputs=outputs)
```

### Offline evaluation

Offline evaluation uses the predictions saved in a file. In this case, since there is no `Runner`, we need to build the `Evaluator` and call `offline_evaluate()` function.

An example:

```python
from mmengine.evaluator import Evaluator
from mmengine.fileio import load

evaluator = Evaluator(metrics=dict(type='Accuracy', top_k=(1, 5)))

data = load('test_data.pkl')
predictions = load('prediction.pkl')

results = evaluator.offline_evaluate(data, predictions, chunk_size=128)
```

## Evaluation In MMSelfSup

During pretrain, validation and testing are not included, so it is no need to use evaluation.

> During benchmark, the pre-trained model will use some other OpenMMLab repos, e.g. MMClassification and MMSegmentation, which have already implemented their own evaluation functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During benchmark, the pre-trained models need other downstream tasks to evaluate the performance, e.g. classification, detection, segmentation, etc. It is recommended to run downstream tasks with other OpenMMLab repos, such as MMClassification or MMDetection, which have already implemented their own evaluation functionalities.
```

> But MMSelfSup also implements some custom evaluation functionalities, shown as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But MMSelfSup also implements some custom evaluation functionalities to support downstream tasks, shown as below:
```

> - [`knn_classifier()`](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmselfsup/blob/dev-1.x/mmselfsup/evaluation/functional/knn_classifier.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`knn_classifier()`](mmselfsup.evaluation.functional.knn_classifier)
```

It compute accuracy of knn classifier predictions, and is used in [KNN evaluation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmselfsup/blob/dev-1.x/tools/benchmarks/classification/knn_imagenet/test_knn.py#L179).

```python
...
top1, top5 = knn_classifier(train_feats, train_labels, val_feats,
                                        val_labels, k, args.temperature)
...
```

> - [`ResLayerExtraNorm`](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmselfsup/blob/dev-1.x/mmselfsup/evaluation/functional/res_layer_extra_norm.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ResLayerExtraNorm`](mmselfsup.evaluation.functional.ResLayerExtraNorm)
```

It add extra norm to original `ResLayer`, and is used in mmdetection benchmark config.

```python
model = dict(
    backbone=...,
    roi_head=dict(
        shared_head=dict(
            type='ResLayerExtraNorm',
            norm_cfg=norm_cfg,
            norm_eval=False,
            style='pytorch')))
```

## Customize Evaluation

> Custom `Metric` and `Evaluator`  are also supported, see [MMEngine Doc](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/tutorials/evaluation.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom `Metric` and `Evaluator`  are also supported, see [MMEngine Doc](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/design/evaluation.html)
```

# Evaluation

<!-- TOC -->

- [Evaluation](#evaluation)
  - [Evaluation in MMEngine](#evaluation-in-mmengine)
  - [Evaluation In MMSelfSup](#evaluation-in-mmselfsup)
  - [Customize Evaluation](#customize-evaluation)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Evaluation in MMEngine

During model validation and testing, quantitative evaluation is often required. `Metric` and `Evaluator` have been implemented in MMEngine to perform this function. See [MMEngine Doc](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/design/metric_and_evaluator.md).

Model evaluation is divided into online evaluation and offline evaluation, as shown in the following figure:

> ![img](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15977946/163718224-20a4970a-e540-4a3a-8b01-bf0a604c6841.jpg)

Reviewer 2: I am a little bit confused by the diagram. Could you please give more detailed explanation?

## Evaluation In MMSelfSup

During pretrain, validation and testing are not included, so it is no need to use evaluation.

> During benchmark, evaluation is used on downstream tasks with other OpenMMLab projects like `MMDetection` and `MMSegmentation` .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During benchmark, the pre-trained model will use some other OpenMMLab repos, e.g. MMClassification and MMSegmentation, which have already implemented their own evaluation funtionalities. 
```

> Some evaluation functions are impleted in MMSelfSup, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But MMSelfSup also implements some custom evaluation functionalities, shown as below,
```
